# Changelog

This file tracks the notable changes made to this project. It is meant for humans to read,
and is loosely based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/). The
version numbers generally follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html),
even though I have reservations about what constitutes breaking changes. (What a maintainer
may consider to be a bug might be behavior a consumer relies upon in their project.)

## Unreleased

### Added

- Added a Rails helper method named `sb` that returns an object that will be used to create
  helper methods that can be used inside Scrapbook pages. For example, if you wanted access
  to the Scrapbook object inside a Scrapbook page template, you could call `sb.scrapbook`.

### Changed

- Renamed internal class `HelperForView` to `HelperForNavView` as it contains helpers for
  the navigation tree.

[Unreleased commits](https://github.com/bfad/scrapbook/compare/v0.3.2...HEAD)

## 0.3.2

### Added

- Support for Rails 7.1.x. (Bumped Rails dependency range and added it to CI.)

[0.3.2 commits](https://github.com/bfad/scrapbook/compare/v0.3.1...v0.3.2)

## 0.3.1

### Fixed

- Added in the "vendor" folder as part of the gem so that the turbo javascript stored there
  in the source tree will be in the gem too.

[0.3.1 commits](https://github.com/bfad/scrapbook/compare/v0.3.0...v0.3.1)

## 0.3.0 (2023-06-18)

### Added

- Support for Ruby 3.2 versions. (CI testing matrix now adds support.)

- Turbo from the Hotwire stack. To get this functionality, you may need to add the following
  to your Sprocket's "manifest.js" file: `//= link scrapbook/application.js`.

- Configuring the Sprocket's "manifest.js" file to include Scrapbook's "application.js" file
  in the install generator.

### Changed

- The navigation tree now using Turbo and custom JavaScript to behave like a file / folder
  navigation tree.

  ### Deprecated

  - Support for Ruby 2.7.x is now deprecated and could be removed at anytime in the future.

  ### Removed

  - The `Scrapbook::ApplicationMailer` and the entire mailer directory. I believe this was
    created automatically when the engine was generated, but Scrapbook doesn't use mailers.

[0.3.0 commits](https://github.com/bfad/scrapbook/compare/v0.2.2...v0.3.0)

## 0.2.2 (2022-09-30)

### Added

- Support for running Scrapbook using Rails 6.1.

### Changed

- Scrapbooks are now setup / configured via the `scrapbook` routing helper instead of adding
  the path names to the configuration file directly. This means that each scrapbook mounts
  the Scrapbook engine for its path.

- The installation generators have been updated for the new configuration architecture.

### Fixed

- Rendering the default directory messages for directories that don't have a corresponding
  template now renders through the iframe to the raw routes. This means they can be styled
  like the rest of the templates when we add support for customizing the layout.

[0.2.2 commits](https://github.com/bfad/scrapbook/compare/v0.2.1...v0.2.2)

## 0.2.1 (2022-08-14)

This is mostly some cleanup and a bugfix release.

### Added

- The install generator now detects "app/assets/config/manifest.js" for Sprockets and adds
  the appropriate configuration for Scrapbook's CSS.

### Changed

- Tailwind's generated file now named "tailwind.css" instead of "application.css". (This is
  non-breaking because we were publishing both — "application.css" was essentially empty
  before, and now it has the contents that had been in "tailwind.css".)

### Removed

- The "app/assets/stylesheets/scrapbook/application.css" file. Scrapbook doesn't currently
  need or use this file as all styles are generated by Tailwind (which also now generates as
  "application.css" instead of "tailwind.css").

### Fixed

- Links in the file browser for secondary scrapbooks now include the name of the scrapbook
  in the path. Before, they wouldn't, and the links would take you to pages that didn't
  exist in the primary scrapbook. (Or, if they did exist, were the ones in the primary one
  and not the one you were looking for.)

- Documentation typos and markup issues

[0.2.1 commits](https://github.com/bfad/scrapbook/compare/v0.2.0...v0.2.1)

## 0.2.0 (2022-07-18)

Initial release of Scrapbook.

### Added

- Ability to create scrapbook folders. These folders allow for creating a hierarchy of Rails
  template files that can be processed as if they were part of your Rails application.

- A Rails engine that displays the hierarchy and the processed template web views through
  the web interface at the path you mount in your application's routes file.

[0.2.0 commits](https://github.com/bfad/scrapbook/releases/tag/v0.2.0)

